# Art-of-Helping
A website developed using JSP,JavaScript, Struts2, CSS and MYSQL.
Natural Calamities occur without any expectations, by using technology a country can be well prepared knowing that certain type calamity might occur but still there are big losses, many lose their home, people don’t get proper food, clothes, shelter etc. Here in this Web Application we developed a basic view of how the website must be to manage these kind of situtations and help people who are in need. This can further be developed into a better version so that it can be used by organizations to monitor about warehouses which can stores the basic elements such as food and clothes, the organization can know about the available products stored in these warehouses and can use these whenever required for the sake of people who are stuck in such kind of Natural Calamity. We have also added a feature where people can send money to a fund which can be utilised for the development of the affected areas due to Natural Calamity but the donating part is of basic level so if the donating and paying part in enhanced it would be a really good application. It also monitors about the goods stored in the warehouses if any product which might expire soon, it can be packed food items, medicines etc we notify when logged into the admin system. We notify them by displaying it on the admin's main screen when they login saying that these items must be used before they expire so the organization can take further steps in using those items for a good cause rather than just leaving it to get expired.
# Details
I used Netbeans for writing the code and the folder which i have uploaded will work fine with Netbeans, if using Eclipse then there are a few changes to be done. I have even uploaded the database which i had created and the webpages works fine with the database.
